[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome back to
Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And here again with
me is Emery Smith.
Emery, thank you for being here.
I really appreciate it.
>>EMERY SMITH:
You're welcome, Dave.
Thanks for having me.
>>DAVID: One of
the things that we
have talked about
on Cosmic Disclosure
greatly is this idea of
a secret space program.
We haven't really
covered that yet.
Now, you have
confirmed the existence
of reverse engineered craft,
so one would conclude,
or one would be
thinking to conclude,
that if we have craft
that are essentially
space-faring vehicles
that came here
from other solar systems, or
maybe even other galaxies,
and we can build those,
that we would then
be able to leave Earth
and potentially settle
somewhere else.
So do you have any direct
briefings or knowledge
about that aspect of
what may be going on?
>>EMERY: Well, there
is laws out there,
and there is a type of
federation involved,
from what I was briefed on.
And it's not a you can just
go-- just like you can't just
go from here to Europe without
a passport, and a couple
of weapons, by the way.
So this is also applied
to intergalactic travel.
So yes, we do have the
ability to take ET home.
>>DAVID: As Ben [? Rich ?] says.
>>EMERY: As [? Ben Rich ?] said.
But the ability
to actually do it
is another story until we
start behaving a little bit
more proper here
on the planet Earth
and with evolving our
consciousness and stop killing
each other, which they all
understand, extraterrestrials,
because they were here,
at one time, themselves.
So getting back
to your question,
yes, we have these craft.
Yes, they are anti-gravity, and
they can travel through space.
But they're not
interdimensional yet,
that I'm aware of, so I've
not been briefed on that.
I know of people say
they do have this,
but I'm not aware
of it, of the craft.
So they're just using
special propulsion units
and other means to create
a gravitational force
for these devices.
A lot of the military
devices we have out there,
I mean, such as planes
and helicopters,
those are already installed
in these special jet fighter
aircraft.
So what's the best way to hide
something is don't change the--
because it doesn't matter
what shape it's in.
But that could be an
actual spacecraft.
>>DAVID: One of the things
that Pete Peterson has shared
with me is that there
are a lot of new crafts
that we've seen
in various movies,
like "Avatar," like
"Edge of Tomorrow,"
in which they have turbo fans
on them, which sometimes move.
And he said that our
Naval ships have all
been loaded with these
covertly at this time
and that eventually, once
they roll out anti-gravity,
that the jet engines
or the propellers
will be replaced with
anti-gravity engines.
I'm curious if you've
heard anything like that.
>>EMERY: No, I haven't.
I have seen different
types of schematics
for newer craft and ships and
for the Navy and Air Force,
and whatnot, that do show more
of an anti-grav type situation,
but not manipulating
the current force.
Because I believe they already
have these ready to go.
They're just sitting somewhere.
And they already have it.
It's just I don't know
where it's at or who did it.
>>DAVID: Another aspect, which
it's a real shame that we
couldn't get you on camera
with William Tompkins--
he's now deceased--
but you have said to me that you
have some insider friends who
are around Tompkins' age or
maybe a little younger, who
might be willing
to come forward.
So do you think that maybe with
you coming out on this program
that this will help
to set a trend where
some others will now be able
to come forward, as well?
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
I mean, that's why one of the
main reasons was to come out
was to basically
help other people
and inspire them to come
out and talk and feel
free to talk about
some of the things
they did with the projects,
anything from energy
to the extraterrestrials
to medicine to all
these fantasmical, amazing
devices and things.
And I think by being here,
I'm hoping to inspire them,
after they see this,
to come forward.
And I'm going to
personally ask them
myself to please come forward,
or at least invite them
to entertain it, or even have
a private meeting with you
and other people, if they
don't want to show their face.
>>DAVID: And as
you've seen, once--
because I've interviewed
so many insiders--
once we start talking,
all these things pop up.
And I might have heard
something 15 years ago
that I'll remember when
somebody else tells me
the same thing, or
something very similar.
>>EMERY: Correct, right.
And that's what's
so interesting,
is to know that you worked
on a project for so long
and had no idea that
this person also
was working on a similar project
halfway around the world.
And you can actually exchange
information finally freely,
without being scared to do so.
And just like some of the
stuff I explained to you,
you already knew
some of this stuff.
And you knew I had-- we've
never even talked about it.
So for me, it's even a
great confirmation, for me,
to know that there's
others out there that
have spoke to you about
these amazing technologies
and places, especially the
places, which blow me away.
>>DAVID: Like the fact
that Ecuador and Antarctica
have very similar stuff.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: Yeah, and I've
never said that to anyone.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>DAVID: And we just
had it happen on camera.
I'm curious about whether
you, through briefings
or through maybe some of the
insiders that you personally
know, not including the people
we've interviewed on Cosmic,
are you aware of there being
outposts on the moon or Mars
that we use with these back
engineered craft that we have?
>>EMERY: You know, Dave,
I've seen and heard a lot,
but I don't have
firsthand experience
to say I was definitely
in that spot.
I may have been
and not known it.
But yes, I concur there's
something going on there
and that there is some sort of
base set up there, of course,
because that goes back
to the other stuff
I used to work with, with the
portals and the other things,
that you and I discussed.
Because you never know where
you might be, but I did
hear many of these
stories that you have.
But I was never on a
briefing, by the way,
that specifically said, we have
a base here or a base there.
I've just read a lot
of classified documents
from other people like me
that were involved with that,
so it was secondhand
information.
>>DAVID: If you have heard
secondhand information,
I'm hoping we can get
a little more specific,
because more than one insider--
I think maybe five different
insiders-- have told me--
and this would include Corey
Goode as just one of them--
and there were others well
before I ever started to talk
to him about this stuff,
saying that, in fact,
the majority of the solid
planets and the solid moons
in our solar system have at
least some degree of outpost
on them now--
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: --that we can use.
>>DAVID: So have you heard
scuttlebutt like that?
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: OK, could you be
a little more specific.
>>EMERY: Well, when
you say outpost,
it means a place to
get to and go to.
And it's usually not on
the surface of that planet,
so you know.
It's on the inside
of the planet,
and they're using some sort
of portal technology and craft
to get back and forth from these
places, when it is safe to.
>>DAVID: So some of the
rumors that you've heard,
like, for example,
let's talk about Mars.
Have you heard rumors
of there being perhaps,
in some cases, very
large bases that
might even have 200,000 people
working at them on Mars?
>>EMERY: Yes, I have heard that.
Yes, I've definitely heard that.
And it's a known thing.
It's actually a joke
in the underground.
>>DAVID: What would
be funny about it?
>>EMERY: Well, you just never--
like we were talking
about earlier, when
you're on a conveyor
belt going somewhere,
going through energy
systems, and then
you wind up
underground somewhere,
and it feels different, like
even the atmosphere feels
different, what's not
to say that they're
using these things?
And people don't know
that they're actually
on Mars, working there.
>>DAVID: Well, that's what you
and I started to talk about
after we had described
your travel through Sandia
into this base where
you did the autopsy.
I started scratching
my head after we
did that interview,
because you hadn't told me
that part before.
But others had described
the exact same hall
as being a portal, and that
when you start at the beginning,
you're in one place, and
at the end, you're another.
And then I'm thinking,
why would they
waste 10 or 15
minutes of your shift
having you sit on a gondola?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>DAVID: Because they have
fast sub shuttles, right?
>>EMERY: Oh, my goodness, yeah.
They have [? maglev ?]
tubes and the trains,
and stuff like that.
This is a little different.
This is like what
we talked about.
Yeah, I don't know,
but you did open me up
to a lot of other
questions, now that you
said that, because many other
people have also expressed,
that worked on these
projects, that they
felt different from where
they thought they were.
And now it makes a
little bit more sense.
I never was thinking
that, because I
was so young at
the time and wasn't
as educated as I am now
about all the stuff they
did have at that time.
>>DAVID: Well, part
of what occurs to me
is that if you are
potentially, as you
said in previous episodes,
autopsying potentially
multiple bodies in one day,
and they're all different--
and we're going to get a lot
more into that and how they're
different and what they look
like, in future episodes,
because you're one of
these insiders who's
got a very complex
testimony that's
not going to be done in one or
two half-hour episodes at all.
So if we are looking at
all of these bodies--
you yourself had 3,000--
how many other
rooms do you think
there were in this
Sandia base, where
other guys like you were doing
the same thing you were doing?
Could you speculate perhaps?
>>EMERY: It would have to
be, if I look at the levels,
five, seven, and eight
were the levels that were
medical for this type of thing.
And each one of them had over
300 of these operating rooms.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>DAVID: So you're looking at
over 1,000 operating rooms just
in this one base alone?
>>EMERY: I believe so, yeah.
>>DAVID: Wow. .
And so that would
imply that if you--
and over how many years did you
see 3,000 bodies on the job?
>>EMERY: Oh, my
goodness, that was
from August if '92 to '95 of
June, so probably [? two-- ?]
three years.
>>DAVID: So basically,
>>EMERY: Three years, yeah.
>>DAVID: So that's like
basically 1,000 bodies a year.
>>EMERY: Well, it's tissue
samples, not all bodies,
remember.
>>DAVID: But just to stick
with that number for a minute,
we could then say
that one base alone--
and that would be providing
it's only one base, which
it obviously is not.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>DAVID: But they
could be processing
over a quarter million different
extraterrestrial species
on autopsies per year.
>>EMERY: Well, if
you did the math,
and you were counting each
sample as one species, yes.
But it could be many
samples from one species
for a whole wing
of 50-unit rooms.
So [INAUDIBLE]
>>DAVID: Guys like you doing it.
Right.
>>EMERY: But yes, if it was per
species, it would be that many.
>>DAVID: So to extrapolate, if
NASA is now saying 40 billion
watery Earth-like planets just
in our Milky Way galaxy alone--
and they slipped
that under the radar.
I mean, most people haven't even
realized that that came out.
And we've had other
insiders tell us
that that was part of a treaty,
with benevolent ETs forcing
our guys to start
leaking things like that,
to make it easier for
disclosure to happen.
But if there's 40 billion Earths
in our galaxy alone, and life
seems to be very abundant,
and intelligent life
seems to be written into
the background of quantum
mechanics itself--
>>EMERY: Everywhere.
>>DAVID: --then even a
quarter million bodies,
a quarter million species,
is not that many--
>>EMERY: No, it's not.
>>DAVID: --compared to
what could be out there.
>>EMERY: That's nothing.
And when I told you
the 3,000 number,
everyone always gets
a little surprised.
But when you think about,
as you just said it,
it's a very small number.
>>DAVID: But OK, if we
peeled back the curtain here,
Emery, and we do a little
imaginative speculation,
doesn't it appear that your
job and what you personally
dealt with could be the
byproduct of exactly
the sort of secret space program
that we're talking about,
where part of the testimony
was that there's no money,
but that you get paid in trade?
And do you think possibly that
those bodies were payments
that we were receiving
from other groups
in exchange for, apparently,
all this high tech that we're
making?
>>EMERY: It's a
possibility, yes.
And I also have to reiterate,
out of the 3,000, over 3,000,
samples, I call them,
don't forget some of those
could have been lab grown.
Those could have been just
hybrid things they made here.
So I can't speculate they
were all extraterrestrial.
I mean, I know a lot of them
were of un-Earth origin.
But yeah, they
could be absolutely
from some sort of a trade,
inside trade thing, going on,
to get technology and
to learn other things.
>>DAVID: And the nature of
compartmentalization, you're
not allowed to
ask any questions.
You're just going in
there, doing your job,
handling this very exotic stuff.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: What was it like,
when you'd come home at night,
having autopsied something very
bizarre-looking, let's say?
>>EMERY: It was fascinating.
I mean--
>>DAVID: What
would you feel when
you're lying in bed at night?
Were you able to go to
sleep, or would you--
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: --sometimes just be--
>>EMERY: No, I was fascinated.
I'm always intrigued.
I was always intrigued
about the human body.
So for me, it was just
a fascinating thing.
I wanted more.
I was upset that I would have
to go and work in a hospital
every couple of hours.
So it was really neat
to see all this stuff
and then go home and say,
wow, what else is out there?
And that inspired
me to do more things
and take more opportunities
with the military and other
industrial complexes.
And that just opened
up so many things,
because I had so many answers,
like everyone else did.
I want to know what's going on.
And I can't believe--
I don't believe anything
I read, see, or hear.
I can't, because I know that
it can all be so modified,
especially with the
new 3-D programs they
have on the satellites now.
I mean, they could put another
David Wilcock right here
and reflect light
and cast a shadow
and have light glistening
out of your eyes.
And you couldn't
tell the difference.
So at this time--
of course, with photoshopping
and everything else,
it's very hard for me.
So I decided, at a very young
age, I'm going to go out,
and I'm going to
find out for myself.
And I was doing this strictly
just to find out for myself
what is going on.
And all's it did was open up
100 million other questions.
Every time you find
something else out,
it opens up more
questions, which is great,
because it inspires me to go
ahead and keep moving forward,
especially if there's
opportunities there
where people want me to be
part of amazing projects.
I'm very thankful of all
my opportunities I had.
They were not too negative.
So I think, if that would
answer your question of why
I did that.
>>DAVID: Corey Goode
has also shared with us
that there were factions in
the Secret Space Program.
And one of them was called
the Interplanetary Corporate
Conglomerate, or ICC.
And apparently,
they are offshoots
of the defense contractors,
who are manufacturing
very advanced technology.
And apparently, we humans
have become a go to place
for many different species
to buy advanced technology,
like craft.
And he also said that he
found out that we apparently
are in regular trade
relations with some 900
different extraterrestrial
civilizations
just through the ICC.
So I'm curious if you ever
heard back chatter, scuttlebutt,
anything like that?
>>EMERY: No.
I'm unaware of that, and
I've never heard that before.
>>DAVID: But it's so
compartmentalized, right?
That's the problem.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I would not know.
It's really hard.
You're never alone, and
you're always monitored.
Like I told you, you always
have the bracelet on.
It's such high security.
I mean, there's hallways
there that will cut you
in half if you are
in the wrong place,
without asking questions.
So it's a very simple job
if you just follow the dots.
But if you don't, you
got to be careful.
So I didn't really go
around asking questions,
because I was too excited
about getting more security
clearances and
moving up the ladder
to get more jobs
in different places
other than dissecting tissues.
And it did.
It brought much to the crafts.
It brought me to other things.
>>DAVID: OK.
One of the things
that you told me
about that I think would be a
good point for us to get into--
I was asking you about
the folder, which
is this thing that--
they called it a folder,
maybe to reduce
psychological impact.
But it's basically like a iPad
with a little bit flexible
and almost totally clear.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: And you also said that
the folder could be loaded.
It would tell you what wing,
what room, and what being you
were going to be working on.
They would only give
you one at a time.
>>EMERY: Correct.
>>DAVID: So did the folder
have any type of hard drive
or storage mechanism?
>>EMERY: Yes, it did.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>EMERY: I'm surprised you
mention that, but yeah.
It's called a micro disk.
>>DAVID: A micro disk.
>>EMERY: Yeah, it's a little
bit smaller than a quarter,
but larger than a nickel.
It's gold-plated, made of
some sort of iridium gold,
and there's a little,
teeny slot for that.
And it records everything
that you're doing.
And it also connects
to the construct
of the base-- of
the underground ba--
with construct is their--
like a main frame.
So that little thing
is then taken from you
and put on a shuttle,
and they store it
in space, all the disks.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: So I would
imagine that if you
had your folder in
the early 1990s,
when we're back with
the whiny, loud,
desktop tower computers, that
we're dealing with something
a lot more advanced than
even what we have now.
>>EMERY: Oh, this is far
more advanced than anything
that you guys have
today, right now.
I mean, we're talking high
resolution video pictures
and millions of
documents of information
all on this little small,
very, very thin disk.
>>DAVID: So do you
think these disks might
have like thousands of terabytes
of storage or maybe even more?
>>EMERY: Yes, I
would concur to that.
>>DAVID: So what
was the protocol?
Did you have to remove the
micro disk from the folder
and hand it to someone?
Or did you just hand your
folder in at the end of the day?
>>EMERY: No, yeah, the
folders, number one,
when you put them in and
slide them into this thing,
the disk comes out.
But you can take that disk out,
just like you do today with SD
cards or cards for your camera.
You can easily
take it in and out,
which sometimes you
had to, because you
had to review another,
someone else's project.
>>DAVID: Oh.
>>EMERY: So that's
why that was there,
so instead of it being
automatically downloaded--
they didn't like information
going over a wire--
so they use these
disks for that.
>>DAVID: Where on the
folder would you insert?
>>EMERY: The top right corner.
>>DAVID: Top right
corner, interesting.
So I guess you
could see it then,
because it's-- you
said it's a gold color.
>>EMERY: Yeah, you
could see it inside,
and it has like an
iridium tint to it.
I always wondered if they
did that to protect it
from the radiation of space,
since it was stored in space,
they said.
>>DAVID: Was there
any way to access
the information on the
disk other than the folder?
>>EMERY: Yes, there is one way.
>>DAVID: Hmm.
Is there some kind of
reader or something?
>>EMERY: There is
a disk reader, yes.
>>DAVID: Really?
And I guess the reason
why they haven't given us
that kind of storage
technology would be what?
Why don't we have that
level of data storage
if the technology exists?
Why would it not be
shared with the public?
>>EMERY: Because then you won't
go out and buy a 256-K phone.
>>DAVID: Right.
It's just too far advanced
from where we are now.
>>EMERY: They won't make any
money, these corporations.
Come on.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>EMERY: I mean, we have
to start really, really
small for these corporations.
They already have
it, but we're not
going to get it right today.
>>DAVID: It seems like
if you see the movie
"Snowden," allegedly,
he was able to get
one of these little USB
sticks inside a Rubik's cube,
and then he tossed
it to the guy,
and he went through the gate.
Do you think anybody has ever
tried to get a mini disk out
of the base?
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: How might that be done?
>>EMERY: It's tricky,
but can be done, yeah.
>>DAVID: OK, you don't
want to go into that.
>>EMERY: Well, I had a
few of the disks, yes.
>>DAVID: You did?
>>EMERY: The micro disk, yeah.
>>DAVID: How might somebody
be able to do that?
>>EMERY: Well, I'd
rather not say that part.
>>DAVID: OK, OK.
>>EMERY: But I have acquired
a few of those disks, yes.
>>DAVID: And when your
house was broken into,
were those some of the
things that were taken?
>>EMERY: Yes, they
took the disks.
>>DAVID: Really?
So you did have them--
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: --but you lost them?
>>DAVID: Yeah, that was
very, very unfortunate.
>>EMERY: It was
very unfortunate,
very angry about it and upset.
>>DAVID: Could you
tell us a little bit
about what happened
to your house
and where you had stored those
disks and how were they found?
>>EMERY: Oh, sure.
So I had a small home
in New Mexico that
was gated with an
iron gate and concrete
post and a keypad, the whole
thing, a very small, small home
that I temporarily got just
to store some small belongings
and stuff.
Because I was working on a
project out in southeastern New
Mexico, and I was there for
about a year, nine months.
I had this place.
So what I did was I--
of course, I don't keep all
my stuff in the same spot,
and I keep some duplicates.
But there's no
duplicates to this--
I can't duplicate some things--
but a lot of just information
on hard drives, and whatnot.
And I got a call,
because I was going
to be moving to Los
Angeles to be with you
and work on some other projects.
So I told the realtor, hey,
I'm going to be moving.
So they put it up for sale.
And I was just leasing
the place at the time.
And I had basically
hidden all my stuff
inside the walls of
the house, and you
couldn't tell where they were.
Also in the concrete and
other various places--
I don't want to talk about
other specific places,
because I still use
those techniques.
But I thought it was safe
temporarily for this.
I also had the [? over ?]
[? unity ?] device there,
which, fortunately,
I went to go pick up.
And it was within a week
the house was ransacked.
And another week later,
it was ransacked.
And that's when the
realtor called me and says,
oh my goodness, I looked
through your window.
You left your house such a mess.
How am I supposed
to show anybody?
And I said, my house
is perfectly spotless.
I don't understand.
And I said, please go around
the house and look around.
And he did, and he
found the back garage
door was broken into.
And then the double bolted
locked door to the main home
was kicked in with
a big footprint.
And we have all the pictures.
>>DAVID: Let's roll right
now the film that you took.
>>EMERY: Sure.
This is the garage--
complete destruction.
Took all the equipment.
The lab has been
completely destroyed.
>>DAVID: So why do
you think whoever
did this would take
everything you've got
and leave only your military
badges in a box and a bullet
on the countertop?
What was the message?
>>EMERY: Oh, I think they
were just some old friends
trying to look me up
to have a good time.
So I think it really had to do
with the device, number one,
because ever since I started
the lab with the device,
it's been getting-- it's
been getting really crazy.
And now that I proved
the device worked,
then it got really crazy.
And of course, they
used a satellite
and found out all the stuff
underground and in the walls.
And they did cut the walls open
and take all those hard drives
and everything else.
We're talking about 8 computers,
12 laptops, 40 hard drives,
over 300 SD cards,
lots of information.
My world's-- my whole
30 years of work.
>>DAVID: What's the purple tip?
>>EMERY: Oh, oh it's just the
type of bullet it is, yeah.
It's a very high
velocity bullet.
It's not normally
a civilian bullet
that you can buy from civilians.
And it was a 5 by 7 by 28
armor-piercing ammunition,
which is used by tactical
forces all around the world.
>>DAVID: What could you
say to other insiders who
would hear a story like
that and say, well, my god,
if they start doing that to
me, the first thing I'd do
is go into hiding,
and I wouldn't speak?
>>EMERY: Well, let's talk about
it, because I wasn't going,
at that point.
I wasn't.
So I think the information, too,
that I had was I couldn't see--
I couldn't really see the
information that I had,
like 90% of it was pretty much
just already out there stuff.
So I think it was just that
10% and the device, that,
hey, just why don't you
slow up a little bit,
because you're going
on a trajectory
here that looks like you're
going to say something
that you shouldn't say.
>>DAVID: So they were
trying to threaten you.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>DAVID: Do you think that
anybody who comes forward
is safer than if they
don't, if they're already
starting to speak a little bit?
Is it safer to be public?
>>EMERY: Yes, at a certain
point, you have to go public.
It's very-- it's much safer.
We all know this,
and this is one
of the main reasons I'm here
in front of you right now.
>>DAVID: Right.
All right, well,
there you have it.
This is Emery Smith,
and I'm David Wilcock,
Cosmic Disclosure.
And I want to thank
you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]